---
title: CSA Week 8
---

> NOTE: this week isn't over yet; the post will be finalized once I pick up
> next week's share. For now, enjoy the progress so far.

## Meet the characters

This week's share contained:

* A large head of lettuce
* A bunch of swiss chard
* A small bag of early green beans - first of the season!
* A bunch of small red onions
* A single larger regular white onion
* A large cucumber
* A smallish head of broccoli

Luckily for me, I had a few friends who visited this week, and who were willing
to play guinea pig for some of my cooking adventures!

## Featured dish of the week

I haven't totally decided yet, but I'm thinking I'll do a quiche with
broccoli and red onion - come back in a week or so for final results!

## The rest of the share

In no particular order, the rest of the share (plus leftovers from last week)
became:

* Small salad with apples, raisins, and ranch dressing. Nothing to write
home about, but pretty okay.
* Swiss chard with onion, leek, and egg for breakfast for three. Next time
maybe I don't need quite a full pound of chard for six eggs worth of
breakfast, but even with just salt and pepper, it was tasty enough that all
of that got devoured in short order.
* Fried eggplant for a quick dinner. I also had some cottage cheese and
applesauce to round it out a bit.
* A salad for four: lettuce, apple, cucumber, giant raisins, and French dressing.
* Some quinoa with black bean sauce and green beans, following [this
recipe](https://recipes.sparkpeople.com/recipe-detail.asp?recipe=2009479).
This also served four, in combination with the above-mentioned salad.
* Smoothies! Two smoothies took care of an apple, a zucchini, and some
frozen berries, and I threw in some whey protein to round it out into a
quick meal for a long Ultimate practice one day.
