---
title: CSA Week 13
---

## Meet the characters

This week's share contained:

* Yet another watermelon
* A large head of broccoli
* A bag of medium-sized tomatoes. Seven? Eight? I didn't get a proper
count, but there were several.
* Another head of cabbage
* An onion
* A yellow bell pepper

## Experimenting with spices
A while ago, someone pointed me to
[cooksmarts](https://www.cooksmarts.com/cooking-lessons/creating-flavor/spices/),
which has an excellent primer on various spices and how to combine them
well. By this point in the season I feel pretty comfortable getting things
cooked and preparing a nutritious meal, but I'm much less comfortable with
flavoring my food. Sometimes when I'm feeling brave I'll throw a spice into
a dish, but rarely am I willing to try to combine spices. So recently I
printed these guides and hung them on my fridge. One night I was whipping
up a quick stir fry with chicken and bell pepper, but it was looking (and
smelling) pretty boring, so I whipped out the "popular spice blends" sheet
and took a look. A quick scan showed that Cajun spices work well with both
chicken and bell pepper, as well as with carrot, so I threw in some
paprika, cumin, and pepper and added a carrot left over from last week. In
the end, it turned out great! I'll be continuing to play with spice
combinations in the future.

## The rest of the share

In no particular order, the rest of the share became:

* Tomato salad. All. The. Time. Yum.
* Bell pepper dipped in hummus as a quick snack
* A rough approximation of penne rosa. I was following an old family recipe
from my mother, and looking around at online recipes it looks like we're
making something pretty different. At any rate, it involved carrots, onion,
bell pepper, chicken, and some marinara sauce thrown on top to simmer for a
bit, and turned out great. Once again, a quick and easy recipe that can
easily feed several.


## Leftovers
Doing an accounting of accumulated leftovers, I have a bit of work to do in
upcoming weeks! Luckily most of these vegetables will keep for at least a
little while.

* Two heads of cabbage
* Two onions
* One carrot
* 1.5 watermelons
* A head of broccoli
